Ven. Khenchen Palden Sherab Rinpoche and Ven. Khenchen Palden Sherab Rinpoche have been coming
to South Florida every year for over 30 years. In that time they have nurtured a growing community
of students and established a thriving Dharma center in the town of Lake Worth Beach. They
had always dreamed of creating a retreat center in the beautiful Florida countryside, a place
for tranquil reflection, deep meditation, and authentic retreat. In 2014 that dream began
to manifest when we found the land that would become Palden Sherab Pema Ling, Lotus Land
of Glorious Wisdom, named after Ven. Khenchen Palden Sherab Rinpoche, who passed into Palden
Gervana in 2010. A little over 10 acres, with a cypress grove, three pole barns and a house,
and hundreds of trees, Ven. Khenchen Palden Sherab Rinpoche saw what it could become.
After careful planning and preparation, we worked together to transform the property,
creating hundreds of new plantings and a beautiful Buddha garden. We are enclosing the middle
barn to create a temple, opening up the interior space and bringing in the natural light. We
hope to unveil this beautiful temple by the end of the year, offering a new and unique
home for the Buddha Dharma here in South Florida. We welcome you to join us on this journey
and to contribute to our efforts in whatever way feels best for you. Thank you.